# Your32
Given a list of courses offered at Williams (Fall 2019) that a student is interested in taking, this program produces a list of conflict-free potential class schedules.

#Idea/Motivation: As pre-registration season swings around, a problem that many Williams students (including myself) face is the difficulty of choosing only four classes out of the mass of interesting courses offered. The course catalog website is effective for perusing through the course offerings, but is inefficient in terms of helping students shape our prospective class schedules and make decisions. I usually find myself with the problem of having several classes I'd like to take from which I have to choose four, a problem which usually involves comparing the meeting times of each class to avoid conflicts and going through different combinations of classes to visualize prospective weekly schedules. This process should not be this tedious. Your32 is a program written in Java that hopes to alleviate this problem using graph theory concepts.

#Program: We take a number of prospective classes that a student is considering and represent them as a graph where each vertex is a course. There is an edge between every two vertices (courses) that have a time conflict. Our goal is to find and list all the independent sets of the graph of size 4, which will correspond to all the possible class schedules a student can have such that there are no time conflicts within each potential class schedule. The number of prospective courses that a student can input into the program is capped (currently at 10) for the sake of faster running times. The backend of the program has a database of all courses offered in the next academic year (scraped from the course catalog website) as well as their respective meeting times, so users can select each course they are considering from a dropdown menu.
